the Book of Micah the word of the Lord
the Book of Micah the word of the Lord became - Micah of murder chef in the
became - Micah of murder chef in the
became - Micah of murder chef in the days of jotham ahaz and hezekiah kings
days of jotham ahaz and hezekiah kings
days of jotham ahaz and hezekiah kings of judah which he saw concerning Samaria
of judah which he saw concerning Samaria
of judah which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem
here all you peoples listen o earth and
here all you peoples listen o earth and all that is in it
all that is in it
all that is in it let the Lord God be a witness against
let the Lord God be a witness against
let the Lord God be a witness against you the Lord from his holy temple for
you the Lord from his holy temple for
you the Lord from his holy temple for behold the Lord is coming out of his
behold the Lord is coming out of his
behold the Lord is coming out of his place he will come down and tread on the
place he will come down and tread on the
place he will come down and tread on the high places of the earth the mountains
high places of the earth the mountains
high places of the earth the mountains will melt under him and the valleys will
will melt under him and the valleys will
will melt under him and the valleys will split like wax before the fire like
split like wax before the fire like
split like wax before the fire like waters pour down a steep place all this
waters pour down a steep place all this
waters pour down a steep place all this is for the transgression of Jacob and
is for the transgression of Jacob and
is for the transgression of Jacob and for the sins of the house of Israel
for the sins of the house of Israel
for the sins of the house of Israel what is the transgression of Jacob is it
what is the transgression of Jacob is it
what is the transgression of Jacob is it not Samaria and what are the high places
not Samaria and what are the high places
not Samaria and what are the high places of Judah are they not Jerusalem
of Judah are they not Jerusalem
of Judah are they not Jerusalem therefore I will make Samaria a heap of
therefore I will make Samaria a heap of
therefore I will make Samaria a heap of ruins in the field places for planting a
ruins in the field places for planting a
ruins in the field places for planting a vineyard I will pour down her stones
vineyard I will pour down her stones
vineyard I will pour down her stones into the valley and I will uncover her
into the valley and I will uncover her
into the valley and I will uncover her foundations all her carved images shall
foundations all her carved images shall
foundations all her carved images shall be beaten to pieces and all her pay as a
be beaten to pieces and all her pay as a
be beaten to pieces and all her pay as a harlot shall be burned with the fire all
harlot shall be burned with the fire all
harlot shall be burned with the fire all her idols I will lay desolate for she
her idols I will lay desolate for she
her idols I will lay desolate for she gathered it from the pay of a harlot and
gathered it from the pay of a harlot and
gathered it from the pay of a harlot and they shall return to the pay of a harlot
therefore I will wail and howl
therefore I will wail and howl I will go stripped and naked I will make
I will go stripped and naked I will make
I will go stripped and naked I will make a wailing like the Jackals and the
a wailing like the Jackals and the
a wailing like the Jackals and the morning like the ostriches for her
morning like the ostriches for her
morning like the ostriches for her wounds are incurable for it has come to
wounds are incurable for it has come to
wounds are incurable for it has come to Judah it has come to the gate of my
Judah it has come to the gate of my
Judah it has come to the gate of my people to Jerusalem
tell it not in Gath weep not at all in
tell it not in Gath weep not at all in Beth Afra roll yourself in the dust pass
Beth Afra roll yourself in the dust pass
Beth Afra roll yourself in the dust pass by in naked shame you inhabitant of
by in naked shame you inhabitant of
by in naked shame you inhabitant of Schaeffer the inhabitant of Zion and
Schaeffer the inhabitant of Zion and
Schaeffer the inhabitant of Zion and does not go out Beth easel mourns its
does not go out Beth easel mourns its
does not go out Beth easel mourns its place to stand as taken away from you
place to stand as taken away from you
place to stand as taken away from you for the inhabitant of may rise pine for
for the inhabitant of may rise pine for
for the inhabitant of may rise pine for good but disaster came down from the
good but disaster came down from the
good but disaster came down from the Lord to the gate of Jerusalem o
Lord to the gate of Jerusalem o
Lord to the gate of Jerusalem o inhabitant of lakish harness the chariot
inhabitant of lakish harness the chariot
inhabitant of lakish harness the chariot to the Swift steeds she was the
to the Swift steeds she was the
to the Swift steeds she was the beginning of sin to the daughter of Zion
beginning of sin to the daughter of Zion
beginning of sin to the daughter of Zion for the transgressions of Israel were
for the transgressions of Israel were
for the transgressions of Israel were found in you therefore you shall give
found in you therefore you shall give
found in you therefore you shall give presents to mow reshef Gath the houses
presents to mow reshef Gath the houses
presents to mow reshef Gath the houses of axe it shall be a lie to the kings of
of axe it shall be a lie to the kings of
of axe it shall be a lie to the kings of Israel I will yet bring an heir to you o
Israel I will yet bring an heir to you o
Israel I will yet bring an heir to you o inhabitant of Marisha the glory of
inhabitant of Marisha the glory of
inhabitant of Marisha the glory of Israel shall come to add ullam make
Israel shall come to add ullam make
Israel shall come to add ullam make yourself bald and cut off your hair
yourself bald and cut off your hair
yourself bald and cut off your hair because of your precious children and
because of your precious children and
because of your precious children and large your baldness like an eagle for
large your baldness like an eagle for
large your baldness like an eagle for they shall go from you into captivity
they shall go from you into captivity
they shall go from you into captivity [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you